Fix #54009 getting_started.md doc (#54014)
rails/rails: guides/source/getting_started.md

Rails will capture `hello-world` out of `/blog/hello-world` and this can be used
to look up the blog post with the matching title.

#### CRUD Routes

There are 4 common actions you will generally need for a resource: Create, Read,
Update, Delete (CRUD). This translates to 8 typical routes:

* Index - Shows all the records
* New - Renders a form for creating a new record
* Create - Processes the new form submission, handling errors and creating the
  record
* Show - Renders a specific record for viewing
* Edit - Renders a form for updating a specific record

> * Update (entire resource) - Handles the form submission to update the entire resource.
>   This is typically triggered by a PUT request, replacing all attributes of the resource.
> * Update (specific attributes only) - Handles the form submission to update specific
>   attributes of the resource. This is typically triggered by a PATCH request,
>   making partial updates to the resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update (full) - Handles the edit form submission, handling errors and updating the entire record, and typically triggered by a PUT request.
* Update (partial) - Handles the edit form submission, handling errors and updating specific attributes of the record, and typically triggered by a PATCH request.
```

The text ended up with a lot of duplication, what do you think of these suggestions to simplify?

I also think we should match the order of these two bullet points with the order of the two routes in the example below.
